---
title: Dúvidas Frequentes
linkTitle: Dúvidas Frequentes
menu:
  main:
    weight: 40
layout: docs
---

{{% blocks/cover title="Dúvidas Frequentes" height="auto" color="black" %}}

Nessa seção buscamos responder às dúvidas mais frequentes em relação à vários aspectos do curso. Essa página será constantemente atualizada sempre que surgirem novas dúvidas, mas caso não encontre a resposta para sua pergunta, sinta-se à vontade para entrar em contato conosco pelo e-mail <b>cursodefilogenia.ufpr@gmail.com</b>! Estaremos sempre à disposição para esclarecer qualquer dúvida ou fornecer mais informações!

{{% /blocks/cover %}}

{{% blocks/section type="section" color="primary" %}}
## Como este curso pode te ajudar?

A technical documentation site is a website that your users can visit to find the documentation for your technical project.  Your documentation set contains all the information you think your users might need to engage with your project, from overviews that help them understand what the project is for, to instructions for specific tasks. Depending on the size of the project, a documentation set can be a page or two or an entire “book” with different types of information.

**Most users don’t want to have to spend much time looking at docs - they want to try your great project!** So how do you make sure your technical documentation set gives users what they need to easily understand your project and get things done? We think a good technical documentation set should be:

*   **Reliable**: Is it true?
*   **Comprehensive**: Does it have all the information your target users might need?
*   **Well-organized and navigable**: Can the user find the information they need? Are similar types of information (all the information a feature, all your reference information) grouped together?

If you have users around the world, you might also want to provide your content in multiple languages, and if you have an open source project, you’ll probably want your users to be able to contribute to the docs.

Once you have your content, you use a technical documentation site to publish your technical documentation set online for your users. In addition to your documentation, your site might also contain material like contact information, a blog, or information how to contribute to the project.
{{% /blocks/section %}}

{{% blocks/section type="section" color="white" %}}
## Como 

Particularly when working with open source projects, it can be difficult to figure out how to turn all your product knowledge into a website that helps and engages your users. **Enter Docsy!**

Docsy gives you a theme for the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) static site generator, an established open source tool that builds ready-to-serve websites from a set of theme and content files. The Docsy theme provides you with useful stuff for a technical documentation site that *isn’t* your own content:

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Page layouts optimized for different content types</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Navigation, page menus, headers, landing pages, blog snippets, feedback links - you just provide the content.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Autogenerated navigation</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Organize your docs in logical folders and get instantly updated navigation to help your users find them.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Language switchers</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Builds on Hugo’s multi-language support to make it easy to create a site in multiple languages.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Feedback, contribution, and contact links</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Let your users file issues and edit docs with a single click, or follow contact links to join you on Slack, Twitter, or mailing lists.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Custom shortcodes</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Reusable snippets of HTML you can use to create alerts, image boxes, landing page blocks, and more.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Easy customization</strong>
   </td>
   <td>Use the theme as-is for a basic, clean design, or update a file or two to get your own look.
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Built-in integration with common tools

The Docsy template currently includes built-in integration with the following tools:

* [**GitHub**](https://github.com): Get in-page links directly to your GitHub repo and provide your users with a
   convenient pathway to providing feedback, opening issues, and even suggesting changes through Pull Requests.
* [**Google Analytics**](https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/): Easily connect your Google Analytics account to your 
   site.
* [**Google Custom Search**](https://cse.google.com/cse/): Use Google Custom Search for in-site search queries, or 
  configure your site to search the web.
* [**Algolia DocSearch**](https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/): Let your users search your site with Algolia DocSearch.
* [**Lunr**](https://lunrjs.com/): Local indexing and search for your site without the need for external search services.

### Make it your own

You can configure the Docsy theme as much or as little as you like, anything from changing the colours and images to adding your own type of page layout. [Learn more...](docs/adding-content/lookandfeel/)

## Quem somos nós?
<p>
<p>







